# Unmanned-Vehicle-in-Defence-System-and-Remote-Access-of-Ammunition-Weapons-in-Military-Operation
**Computer Networks project**
                The military services and operations have many acres of areas and has arms, ammunition weapons, tools, vehicles and much confidential data. In case of any emergency, essential protocols and wireless sensors based on the networking is essential to alert the military officers to lock the security and tighten the forces. Unmanned Ground Vehicle (UGV) is starting to spark an interest within military because governments and scientists across the globe are working day and night to bring terrorism under control. Today with major advancements in the field of vehicle automation, dangerous and crucial terrorist operations are handled by sophisticated machine. The application will undertake missions like border patrol, surveillance and acts as active combat both as a automatic mode and co-ordination with human soldiers (manual) for a first line of defence. A person from a remote place can control the motion wirelessly using Wireless Sensor Networks (WSN) and in situations where manual control is not prudent, the vehicle is capable of reaching the pre-programmed destination on its own. The application mainly focuses on wireless sensor networks where sensors interact with the network through cloud platforms. It also detects bombs, metal objects through obstacle detection and avoidance algorithms. It enables real time surveillance and works in self-controlled and manual mode. It is quite difficult to analyse the context even if there was an optimal obstacle detection algorithm because understanding context is a very human-intensive process. Hence margin of error is quite large and may lead to serious consequences. The application is secured with firewalls but it can still be hacked. In case, if the network or UGV is breached the application is planned in such a way that it will reset to default settings.

